[Music]
but yeah I made it
I'm just doing lights around a bit I
just got food it's like a chickpea curry
some parts the gate out she says go to
gate she'd a minute to breathe bar get
on the plane hit some flight to burnout
I made it I'm so excited now and I'm
watching Tim ready to go and look she
swear by those heels facial cream
[Music]
we try this one
you like what the son of it good morning
guys it is the first morning waking up
in Hong Kong and literally I woke up
this morning I think Mason woke me up
first
because he went up he went quite early
went about 8:00 and he won't me off when
I lit she was just like no not today I'm
not going up here I literally felt like
a zombie so he must have left then I
think and then I woke up about an hour
or so later and you know in the moment
we have to sit on the end of your bed
and just like just contemplate a second
and so basically yesterday was such a
long yesterday I don't know what day it
was actually I think it took me about
two days travelling but now I flew from
Manchester to Hong Kong which was about
eight and a half hours then I had like
three and a half hours waiting in Dubai
Airport which was so hot I wore the
worst outfit actually because I was just
sweltering night melting I was I just
sat down as well and then it was another
like a in a bit hours were quite delayed
coming over to Hong Kong and so yes yes
so I was just shattered and I tried to
stay up on both the flights I did have a
little nap on one but I got woken up as
well by like this little man doing some
stretches he literally stood on my feet
and then it's really nice where you
think that's where these things just
happened to me you know like it's on
with me that someone actually wrote me
up and made me jump and he was just
doing his stretches blessing so yeah
when she got to Hong Kong Mason at the
airport which would be nice and we've
got taxi to this hotel and then
I was trying to order food but it was
like when I am lost and things like
there was no her open so I think that's
wife I woke up today so groggy
so I'm alone at the minute Mason went
off to Ruby training this morning and
then he's got his first like sevens
match tomorrow I think lit she saw and
organized this trip that she this time
around I don't know what day it is I
don't know what time it is right now I
don't know the time difference is all I
know is that I'm here and I've just put
a makeup on
you'd go down early just to grab
something exercise actually I couldn't
come on my camera cuz I was just hungry
as like I'd have been I had have had
nothing to say in it's so funny I feel
amazing after a bit of food yeah so now
I'm just gonna head down to the gin have
a little explore I did go have a look
around earlier but I think my my hotel
is I don't actually know where like the
nearest you know bit of life is if you
hurry because I had I didn't have any
internet on my phone so I couldn't
really work out so yeah I'm just you
know to the gym make myself feel a bit
more human and and then decide what I'm
doing after that but yet I'll just show
you the little view from my room it was
pitch black when I arrived so I'm so
excited to like see the city in the day
even last night it was amazing like it
looks she looks like another world over
here like the way they build their
buildings is just quite different to the
UK and everything like that so I'm super
excited I'm so happy to be here as well
so here by the pool planet area there
that's what the hotel front there's like
a gym bit and I think I can do some
workouts on there so that is where I'm
gonna go next but it's like a vitamin C
tablet you know like the things that are
normally really flat and thin these hell
is that on top of the water bottle and
that's what it is but because it's that
humid in the rooms in the bathroom it's
absolutely lethal I've stuck not her
about three times and these little edge
so I just got dressed I'm just gonna go
down to thank you
[Music]
so I've just got back I just wanted
something like drink Stanley strength if
you like it was middle it she wanted
with magaluf in Hong Kong it's really
funny I'm just in his gown the short
sleeve so I've just ordered breakfast
it's the second one in a home I feel
gown and I need to pack and everything
so I'm in a bit of a rush so I just
thought I'd order some breakfast I'm so
hungry I just packed up in this hotel
I'm just getting ready to go out to the
other hotel adlon isotropy top on and so
we're going to the route 57 if Mason is
already there I'm not sure in devotion
bit late so he's get a shift on and I
just be not checking to him you know
whenever you me the hotel's I'll it you
have to look everywhere for so paranoid
I've looked in the same it's brought
about five times just to be shocked cuz
I hate leaving stuff behind and my
suitcase is that ivory packed up and it
feels like it's ready grown I haven't
even put anything unit but literally
look how to open it up Jesus Christ have
you ever known anyone that's extra as
that it's kind of a bad idea getting
such a big suitcase because you know I
should feel like I've got to fill the
whole thing
changed actually amazing first-time pain
[Music]
it's like a completely different too
super easy
and I think the games are like a six
minutes long rather than 6000
but my friends Mel
[Music]
you'll be an investor hand underground
security check
how much find anyone and may see some
get some Wi-Fi and some bring my mail
just wraps this little thing is
thankfully checking out watching the
road babe you know I think they're
picnic in I go rocked earlier on so just
got my camera which is fine
so now I'd like makes many surveys
raising mr. Damien
now we're just going to go to food and
like I'm human about my phone I'm gonna
cream a holiday I just don't know how
I'm gonna like to hunt for these videos
but yeah
[Music]
so we've come to this corner and i
undress
I've just found my phone I can't believe
a word she got handed in some please
Oh like some damage
I probably I feel so bad fitting can
someone started we had positive energy
yeah we found it was found
[Music]
Damien and ponies drink
Biron cheerleaders outfit so we now all
day
really change and
electric me may see the state-backed I'm
going to compute
I think menu
[Music]
I'm just walking now to find food
absolutely wandering wonder it so busy
like indeed in the daytime here look at
all these people everywhere
that is the biggest victoria secret i
have heaven fall t which is actually
really nice it's not actually that
sugary so I've got this happy thing that
pure butter thing mortified I am at
sitting were surprised those cockroaches
I've seen wrap my literally woman was
jumping and now there's cockroaches
everywhere I like to jump in rats out of
the sewers I was just proud to come on
here - oh such a nice oh my god
I bet the crowd all over me and I want
to peel my skin off right now I wasn't
even after that food ah last full day
I think I'm going to go victoria's peak
just waiting for most now in the lobby
the ladies market like lows but
we're so busy and we're going to throw
the if the fight what
I also released get a new phone
Oh No
for the could ruin night such a good
location about somewhere
we're thinking be children
busy busy busy
[Music]